README.md, before:

# Sinatra Exercises

Exercises to practice building web applications with Sinatra.

Here at [CodeUnion][codeunion] we believe that one of the best ways to develop skills as a programmer is to write code and get feedback on your code in the form of a [code review][code-review] from a more experienced programmer.

We wrote these exercises with the intent to give you the opportunity to solve some fun programming challenges.

If you are a CodeUnion student, you can then submit your code and receive feedback on them using the [CodeUnion command-line tool][codeunion-cli-tool]. Preview an [example code review][example-code-review].

## Getting Started

1. [Fork][gh-help-forking] and clone this repository
1. Write code to solve individual exercises
1. Make small, frequent commits
1. Push your commits to your fork on GitHub

Once your code is on the GitHub, you can (and should) request feedback with the [CodeUnion command-line tool][codeunion-cli-tool].

### Requirements

You will need a working copy of [Ruby][ruby-home-page] and the [Sinatra][sinatra-home-page] gem to complete these exercises.

If you don't have or don't know how to use Ruby and Git development tools to accomplish any of the above steps, read our [guide on setting up your development environment][guide-development-environment].

<!-- Links -->

[codeunion]:http://codeunion.io
[codeunion-cli-tool]:https://github.com/codeunion/codeunion-client/
[code-review]:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_review
[example-code-review]:https://github.com/ninashulman/open-source-kata/commit/59959dafe10b36b75cab14036b97a7e9b00ce9cd
[guide-development-environment]:http://codeunion.io/curriculum/guides/development-environment/

[gh-help-forking]:https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
[ruby-home-page]:https://www.ruby-lang.org
[git-home-page]:http://git-scm.com
[sinatra-home-page]:http://www.sinatrarb.com

Commit message:

Add instructions on how to find exercises

README.md, after:

# Sinatra Exercises

Exercises to practice building web applications with Sinatra.

Here at [CodeUnion][codeunion] we believe that one of the best ways to develop skills as a programmer is to write code and get feedback on your code in the form of a [code review][code-review] from a more experienced programmer.

We wrote these exercises with the intent to give you the opportunity to solve some fun programming challenges.

If you are a CodeUnion student, you can then submit your code and receive feedback on them using the [CodeUnion command-line tool][codeunion-cli-tool]. Preview an [example code review][example-code-review].

All of the core exercises can be found in the [exercises](exercises) directory. Each exercises is a folder with some starter code already written. **Read the README** in each exercise for instructions.

## Getting Started

1. [Fork][gh-help-forking] and clone this repository
1. Write code to solve individual exercises
1. Make small, frequent commits
1. Push your commits to your fork on GitHub

Once your code is on the GitHub, you can (and should) request feedback with the [CodeUnion command-line tool][codeunion-cli-tool].

### Requirements

You will need a working copy of [Ruby][ruby-home-page] and the [Sinatra][sinatra-home-page] gem to complete these exercises.

If you don't have or don't know how to use Ruby and Git development tools to accomplish any of the above steps, read our [guide on setting up your development environment][guide-development-environment].

<!-- Links -->

[codeunion]:http://codeunion.io
[codeunion-cli-tool]:https://github.com/codeunion/codeunion-client/
[code-review]:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_review
[example-code-review]:https://github.com/ninashulman/open-source-kata/commit/59959dafe10b36b75cab14036b97a7e9b00ce9cd
[guide-development-environment]:http://codeunion.io/curriculum/guides/development-environment/

[gh-help-forking]:https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
[ruby-home-page]:https://www.ruby-lang.org
[git-home-page]:http://git-scm.com
[sinatra-home-page]:http://www.sinatrarb.com
